>[!info]- Backstory
>The Vile Cross is one of the largest and most respected vuparg clans of its area. It has a matriarchal structure, with the alpha female leading all packs assimilated into the clan, with advisory of her selected male. Alvira’s mother, Xarae, happened to be the alpha of Vile Cross, named after the characteristic fur mark on the chests of the leading family. She was a cunning and intelligent woman, able to lead the clan not only because of her fighting prowess, but also the respect she made others feel towards her due to her intimidating yet caring attitude. She had a cub with Umbrebar of the Star Gaze, a male from a lesser pack, who helped to keep Xarae’s temper in check with his calculated and wise words, balancing her out. 
>
>Their son was named Viviren, by the choice of Umbrebar, after a legendary vuparg warrior Viviren of the Evening Star. Fitting his name, the boy turned out to be extremely talented early on in his childhood, being able to meticulously control the vuparg blood magic, to an extent rarely achieved even in the respected hunters of the clan. Viviren had high hopes in regard to his future as a potential leader of the clan, unaware that Xarae would never allow a male vuparg to become the leader of Vile Cross, as she was always very strict with respecting the ancient traditions of her family. When he was told this, his resolve strengthened even more, wishing to make his mother respect him and his dreams. Seeing this, Umbrebar has secretly taught him the skills Xarae didn’t wish him to know, gifting him a bandana as a symbol of his support for his dreams.
>
>A few years after Viviren’s birth, the alpha finally got her long-awaited female offspring, named Alvira after her great-great grandmother, a figure Xarae has always looked up to and tried leading the clan as well as. She had great expectations for her daughter, preparing her to be a leader from a very young age. Alvira wasn’t as great at controlling blood as her older brother, but she inherited the fighting prowess and caring attitude from her mother, as well as a good attitude towards other people from her father. 
>
>Saddeningly for Xarae, the girl didn’t show much interest in leading the Vile Cross clan, preferring to assist and observe Umbrebar and his dealings with the smaller packs belonging to the clan. This has made Viviren resentful towards her, as she got the treatment from Xarae which he has always wished for, yet shown no appreciation for the honor she was planned to be given once she was older. Alvira was more down to earth, a free spirit, not caring for the bigger picture, preferring to develop relationships with individuals rather than establishing a place in the clan’s hierarchy, often ignoring her responsibilities to hang out with friends or looking for an opportunity to spar. Viviren was always eager to replace her when she was missing, but Xarae ignored his attempts, as she saw no need for him to take part in activities he would never need to deal with, wishing for him to become a hunter or sorcerer, so that his talents don’t go to waste on politics. 
>
>When the siblings were soon to reach maturity, they decided to settle their differences and explain their stances on their family situation. They were both unhappy with the roles they were designated, which helped them connect and finally establish a bond after years of resentment, of which Viviren was deeply ashamed. Umbrebar was glad that his cubs had finally started to act as he always wished they would, while Xarae grew suspicious of the sudden change, however, as their mother, she as well was happy since a negative relationship could prove troublesome in the future. 
>
>When Alvira reached an adequate age to prepare to become the alpha of Vile Cross, Xarae became more aggressive with her plans regarding her daughter. She became controlling of her, forbidding her friends from distracting her with trivial matters. When Alvira’s situation got out of hand, she and Viviren decided to take action. The siblings, along with their closest friends: Roka of the Silver Feather, Suveren of the Bellowing Woods, Sukirae of the Flowing River, Qucaelthan of the Striders and Mikira of the Star Gaze; made a plan to publicly confront Xarae and make her change her stance, be it with negotiation or aggression. Umbrebar found out about their plans and warned them of Xarae’s ruthlessness when it comes to maintaining her public image and respect of the Vile Cross. He didn’t agree with the group, but understood their situation and kept the plan a secret.
>
>During a clan gathering, after all packs of the Vile Cross met to discuss their current situations and future plans, the group spoke up. The siblings explained their situation and treatment from their mother and demanded change. Xarae, feeling humiliated and furious about her cubs’ disobedience, ordered her guard to restrain the group, so a fight broke up. In the end, they were captured, even though Alvira was known for her fighting abilities she couldn’t stand a chance against the clan’s top hunters. However, Viviren, whose blood magic abilities were widely known and respected, couldn’t be stopped even by those renowned warriors. He couldn’t help friends, but he managed to get to his mother, coming up to her and challenging her for the position of clan leader. 
>
>Xarae, shocked by both the audacity and the strength of her son, didn’t want to fight him. She was a strict mother, she knew she forbade the boy from achieving his dreams, but she knew what was best both for him, as well as the clan. She didn’t want to fight him, because that would mean fighting to the death, as she couldn’t show weakness and damage the respect of her clan. She didn’t want to fight him, because despite everything she’d done to them, she loved her children dearly. But she had to fight, because Viviran would never back out from this challenge, and she knew he’d do everything to achieve his goal. 
>
>So, they fought. Umbrebar watched the confrontation, knowing he could not stop the fight for the good of both parties. So, he stood there, witnessing an incredible showcase of Xanae’s fighting techniques and Viviran’s mastery of blood magic, a battle which has gone on to become a topic of multiple stories and ballades in the future. The fight lasted long, Alvira, still apprehended and unable to act, watched her brother struggle against their mother for a really long time, seeing his every move, every struggle, every injury he caused and was dealt. After a long and even battle, Viviren found himself lying on the ground, with Xanae standing above him, tired and hurt, with her claws ready to strike one last time.
>
>Only Umbrebar was able to see the tears in Xanae’s eyes while she stabbed her claws into her son’s heart. Alvira, on the other hand, only saw the face of her brother, who looked at her in his final moments. She was surprised to see him looking at her with a determined, and yet caring expression. She knew he didn’t regret his actions, as he did what he had believed to be honorable. She also felt that he supports her own way of living, and urged her to be free, not shackled by her heritage and expectations, but doing what made her happy in a way she was comfortable with. 
>
>During the entire battle the crowd remained silent, but after Viviren took his last breath, the silence became eerily loud. After a couple unimaginably long minutes of looking at her fallen son, Xanae finally spoke, exiling her daughter and her companions from the clan. Killing her cub broke her, killing another was something she would never be able to do, even if she wanted. She didn’t. 
>
>When Alvira left the clan’s grounds, Umbrebar approached her from the shadows. He gave her the bandana, which he had given Viviren so many years ago. It used to show his support to his son, and now he passed it onto his daughter, who he loved as dearly as the boy. He apologized for not standing up to Xanae in regard to Alvira’s upbringing, but she had never held it against him. She was thankful to her father for every time he agreed to her accompanying him, as it helped her understand people around her more. Umbrebar told her to return home one day, since he knew Xanae exiled her against her own wishes, and will regret what she’s done after time passes, but Alvira didn’t want to stay in the past, she thanked her father for everything and walked off, together with Sukirae, Qucaelthan, Roka, Mikira and Suveren.
>
>The group decided on a name for their pack. In remembrance of Viviren, they became the Evening Stars, promising to keep his legend alive, just as it was done with his namesake. As they traveled together, they always paid their respect to their fallen companion, keeping an empty space for him in the camp and around the campfire. Alvira wore his bandana tied on her neck, remembering his blessing to her new life.
>
>The Evening Stars quickly became famous in many villages across the land. They were known as an aggressive pack of wolves, robbing travelers and giving excess money to the poor villagers. They often took over taverns, started fights with knights and guards and were generally annoying to the rulers of the lands. They didn’t care that their attacks on random people were barbaric, and they didn’t care that their gifts to the poor were seen as a good act. They whatever they were in the mood to do, whenever they wanted to do it. 
>
>The group became an urban legend, with many people looking up to the bandit band, with each member being well known and idolized. Mikira, a beautiful vuparg girl, who even people not interested in interspecies relations had looked at in awe, using her looks to gain information and an advantage over her opponents in battle. Roka, an incredible bowman whose blood tainted arrows put fear in even the best armored knights. Qucaelthan, a master of every type of weapon imaginable, using even everyday items to break his enemies. Mikira, skilled in magic and astrology, the strategist of the group who also knew how to quietly assassinate targets both with discrete magic and a dagger in the back. Suveren, a survival specialist, always loud and first to the fight, known for his ruthlessness. And, of course, Alvira, the big sister of the group, keeping everybody in check and looking out for each member, known for her brawling skills and surprisingly talented at cooking. The pack always worked together, never acting alone and limitlessly trusting in each other.
>
>For years they remained undefeated, with all attempts to contain them unsuccessful. However, one night, the Evening Stars got ambushed for the first time in their career. Their senses, which always warned them of danger even while asleep, got weakened, either by magic or some very discrete trap, and didn’t react in time when they got attacked in their sleep. The pack couldn’t do anything, everyone besides Alvira got captured, with her once again being unable to protect the ones closest to her. She fought as hard as she could, but the attackers vanished as quickly as they appeared, taking her companions with them.
>
>Alvira was devastated. She remembered everything terrible she felt when Viviren was dying before her very eyes. But she also remembered the bandana she had, the symbol of her brother’s passion and her father’s support. She also remembered her mother’s teachings, how the leader of the pack should always do everything to protect the ones under their care. All those memories reignited her passion, as she swore to find out who and where took her stars. This is the mission of Alvira of the Evening Stars began, as she started to search for any signs of the kidnappers.
